Enable seccompProfile for sidecar containers (#1994)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/00-15-overview-istio-setup.md

- [Mutual TLS (mTLS)](https://istio.io/docs/concepts/security/#mutual-tls-authentication) is enabled in the STRICT mode for workloads in the Istio service mesh.
- Egress traffic is not controlled. All applications deployed in the Kyma cluster can access outside resources without limitations.
- The CNI component, used for the installation of an Istio sidecar, is provided as a DaemonSet. This means that one replica is present on every node of the target cluster.
- The self-signed CA certificate's bit length is set to `4096` instead of the default `2048`.

> - The proxy sidecar container is configured with `seccompProfile` type `RuntimeDefault` to restrict the syscalls available to the container and reduce the attack surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Istio proxy sidecar container is now configured with **seccompProfile** of type `RuntimeDefault`, restricting the system calls available to the container and reducing the attack surface.
```
